[WIP] Add web UI for KMS conn encryption (#2)
jakahn/incubator-airflow: docs/howto/secure-connections.rst

4. Restart Airflow webserver.
5. For existing connections (the ones that you had defined before installing ``airflow[crypto]`` and creating a Fernet key), you need to open each connection in the connection admin UI, re-type the password, and save it.

.. _secure-connections-kms:

Encrypting Connections with a KMS
---------------------------------

In addition to using a fernet_key, Airflow supports encrypting connections using keys 

> managed by a Key Management System. In order to encrypt a connection using a KMS, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
managed by a [Cloud Key Management Service](https://cloud.google.com/kms/). In order to encrypt a connection using a KMS, follow these steps:
```
I do not know the whole context of this patch, but I think it is about one specific service instead general key management system.

I have concerns that the whole structure of this document still makes sense after adding this section. Could you improve the introduction in this document? The introduction should contain information about supported mechanisms and comparison. A comparison of several services should be presented, or a reference to a document that will help me make a decision by the user.
